URL:https://stockanalysis.com/stocks/kvue/
SITE:stockanalysis.com
AUTHOR:
PUBLISHED:
CONTENTS:['Kenvue Inc. operates as a consumer health company in the United States, Europe, the Middle East, Africa, Asia-Pacific, and Latin America. It operates through three segments: Self Care, Skin Health and Beauty, and Essential Health. The Self Care segment offers cough, cold and allergy, pain care, digestive health, smoking cessation, eye care, and other products under the Tylenol, Motrin, Benadryl, Nicorette, Zarbee’s, ORSLTM, Rhinocort, Calpol, and Zyrtec brands. The Skin Health and Beauty segment provides face and body care, hair, sun, and other... [Read more]', "In 2024, Kenvue's revenue was $15.46 billion, an increase of 0.07% compared to the previous year's $15.44 billion. Earnings were $1.03 billion, a decrease of -38.10%.", 'According to 12 analysts, the average rating for KVUE stock is "Buy." The 12-month stock price target is $20.0, which is an increase of 18.84% from the latest price.', "The ProShares S&P 500 Dividend Aristocrat ETF (NOBL) underperformed SPY in 2025, gaining 7.2% versus SPY's 18.42%. Despite average underperformance, select Aristocrats like CAH (+74.18%), ALB (+66.90%...", "Dividend Kings underperformed SPY in 2025, up 4.47% vs. SPY's 17.7%, but select Kings outperformed the index. Twenty-two Dividend Kings are identified as both potentially undervalued and offering long...", 'Dividend Kings remain largely overvalued, but six—including MO, UVV, HRL, KVUE, CDUAF, and UBSI—are now fairly priced with yields (from $1k invested) exceeding share prices. Analyst forecasts project ...', 'The US Equity Income Fund underperformed its benchmark, the Russell 1000 Value Index, net of fees during the third quarter. Enterprise software company, Oracle Corporation, was a top contributor to re...', "S&P 500 high-yield 'safer' dividend stocks offer attractive upside, with twelve currently meeting the dogcatcher ideal of dividends exceeding share prices. Analyst targets forecast 21.14% to 44.05% ne...", 'Kenvue Inc. (KVUE), a maker of consumer health products including pain reliever Tylenol, was a notable detractor. Information technology services provider Fidelity National Information Services Inc. (...', 'Kimberly-Clark is acquiring Kenvue in a $48.7 billion cash-and-stock deal. I believe the deal is likely to close, and that Kenvue stock gives folks a decent way to buy Kimberly-Clark at a discount. Th...', "Shares of Teradyne advanced sharply as investors cheered the company's robust earnings and outlook for Teradyne's artificial intelligence compute testing business. We initiated a position in this cust...", 'The ProShares S&P 500 Dividend Aristocrats ETF (NOBL) has underperformed the SPDR S&P 500 ETF (SPY) year-to-date, but November shows a reversal. Several Dividend Aristocrats, including CAH, CAT, CHRW,...', "Shares of Teradyne advanced sharply as investors cheered the company's robust earnings and outlook for Teradyne's artificial intelligence compute testing business. Shares of Henry Schein declined as p...", 'A U.S. appeals court is expected to hear arguments on Monday from families seeking to revive their lawsuits over Tylenol, after the Trump administration publicly promoted their claims that the popular...', "A Texas state judge won't block Kenvue from paying its scheduled November 26 shareholder dividend, rejecting a request by Texas Attorney General Ken Paxton, a Kenvue lawyer told Reuters on Friday.", "A Texas judge on Friday will consider state Attorney General Ken Paxton's bid to block Kenvue from paying a $398 million dividend to shareholders and from marketing Tylenol as safe for pregnant women.", 'Texas Attorney General Ken Paxton on Thursday asked a state judge to block Kenvue from paying a nearly $400 million shareholder dividend this month, after suing the drugmaker for allegedly concealing ...', "Fiserv (FI) leads decliners with a 49% drop, driven by leadership turmoil, weak consumer spending, and a downgraded quant rating to 'Strong Sell.' Alexandria Real Estate (ARE) and Robert Half (RHI) su...", 'Consumer staples ETFs, usually the quiet corner of the market, are suddenly in the spotlight. The $48.7 billion acquisition of Kenvue Inc. (NYSE:KVUE) by Kimberly-Clark Corp (NASDAQ:KMB) has stirred r...', "Mike Hsu aims to stoke the consumer company's growth by veering into Kenvue's higher-margin but risky health products.", 'NEW YORK CITY & NEW ORLEANS--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Former Attorney General of Louisiana Charles C. Foti, Jr., Esq. and the law firm of Kahn Swick & Foti, LLC (“KSF”) are investigating the proposed sale of ...', "Kimberly-Clark CEO Mike Hsu told CNBC's Jim Cramer that his company's acquisition of Tylenol maker Kenvue will create value for shareholders, even as the the pain reliever is scrutinized by the Trump ...", 'Kimberly-Clark said on Monday it plans to acquire Band-Aid maker Kenvue , even as the latter company faces thousands of lawsuits involving its painkiller Tylenol and talc-based baby powder, raising qu...', 'A linkup with an artificial intelligence player helped power shares of a top cloud-computing services company higher Monday, while an acquisition in the consumer goods space sent the two stocks on div...', 'NEW YORK , Nov. 3, 2025 /PRNewswire/ -- Rowley Law PLLC is investigating potential securities law violations by Kenvue Inc. (NYSE: KVUE) and its board of directors concerning the proposed acquisition ...', "Kimberly-Clark's nearly $50 billion offer for Tylenol maker Kenvue is a risky bet that the world's biggest consumer market, the United States, will keep growing even as lower-income shoppers trim thei...", "It's been a tough few weeks for the consumer health company Kenvue, after President Trump publicly spread unproven claims about Tylenol, one of its core subsidiary brands. Today, though, it seems like...", 'There is no firm evidence of a link between the use of the drug and autism.', 'Daily market news in bullet point format.', '© 2026 StockAnalysis.com. All rights reserved.']